DEVTOOLS-509: Updating documentation for updating (#12)
forumone/drupal-project: README.md

# Drupal Project Template

> This repository holds the scaffolding for newer projects for forumone hosting and pantheon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository holds the scaffolding for newer projects for Forum One hosting and Pantheon.
```
